Apple Laptop
Apple Laptop Power Adapter
Digital voice recorder
USB-C
Tripod
Universal Phone Tripod Mount
Apple iPad
Mini USB Cable
Apple iPad Pro
Philosophic classics
The Norton anthology of world religions
The story of Christianity
The making of the West : peoples and cultures
Patterns of world history
The age of aristocracy, 1688-1830
Roman civilization : selected readings
The Transfer of power 1942-7
Africa
Africa. African history and culture before 1900
Going to the source : the Bedford reader in American history
Reading the American past : selected historical documents
Voices of freedom : a documentary history
Give me liberty! : an American history
The American yawp : a massively collaborative open U.S. history textbook
Firsthand America : a history of the United States
American foreign relations : a history
To make our world anew
Latin America and its people
Capital : a critique of political economy
Highway capacity manual : a guide for multimodal mobility analysis.
Data analytics for auditing using ACL
Classics of American political and constitutional thought
Documents of American constitutional and legal history
A march of liberty : a constitutional history of the United States
Key concepts 1 : listening, note taking, and speaking across the disciplines
CDCM computer music series.
Anthology of scores for A history of music in Western culture
Euripides.
Elements of success.
Russian for everybody
初級日本語げんき An integrated course in elementary Japanese Genki / Shokyū Nihongo Genki = An integrated course in elementary Japanese Genki
The Columbia anthology of modern Japanese literature
The Norton anthology of world literature
Aya de Yopougon
Anthologie de la Littérature française
Littérature française : textes et contextes
The Broadview anthology of British literature
The Broadview Anthology of British Literature Concise Volume B - Second Edition: The Age of Romanticism - The Victorian Era - The Twentieth Century ... of British Literature
The Norton anthology of English literature : the major authors
The Broadview anthology of British literature.
The American tradition in literature
Anthology of American literature
The Norton anthology of American literature
The Norton anthology of American literature.
The Norton Anthology of African American literature
The art of computer programming.
Computational fluid dynamics for engineers
College physics
Physics for scientists & engineers with modern physics
College physics.
Physics for scientists and engineers.
Matter & interactions
Bioinformatics algorithms : an active learning approach
Color atlas of human anatomy.
Small world initiative
Biomedical signal processing
Dynamic programming and optimal control
Queueing systems.
Constitutive equations for engineering materials
NDS national design specification for wood construction : with commentary.
Fundamentals of microfabrication and nanotechnology
Nuclear systems
Light water reactor materials
The science and practice of welding
